v5.0.0-alpha.25 (#24859)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### [Versions](https://material-ui.com/versions/)

## 5.0.0-alpha.25

<!-- generated comparing v5.0.0-alpha.24..next -->

> ###### _Feb 10, 2021_

Author: ```suggestion
###### _Feb 11, 2021_
```

Big thanks to the 30 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 👩‍🎤 Convert 32 components to emotion. Around 64% of the components have been migrated so far thanks to the help of the community. We aim to migrate them all before the end of Q1 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 👩‍🎤 Convert 32 components to emotion. Around 64% of the components have been migrated so far, thanks to the help of the community. We aim to migrate them all before the end of Q1 2021.
```

> - 👩‍🎤 Convert 32 components to emotion. Around 64% of the components have been migrated so far, thanks to the help of the community. We aim to migrate them all before the end of Q1 2021.

Author: ```suggestion
- 👩‍🎤 Convert 32 components to emotion. Around 64% of the components have been migrated so far, thanks to the help of the community. We aim to migrate them all before the end of Q1 2021. The podium of the most active community members in the migration 🏆:
  
  1. @natac13 x17
  2. @vicasas x5
  3. @duganbrett tie with @kodai3 x3

```

> - 📐 Add a subset of the system as flatten props on the CSS utility components on `Typography` (#24496) @mnajdova.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📐 Add a subset of the system as flattened props on `Typography` (#24496) @mnajdova.
```

- <!-- 50 --> [Card] Use the default elevation (#24733) @oliviertassinari
- <!-- 53 --> [Typography] Remove align inherit noise (#24717) @oliviertassinari
- <!-- 56 --> [Dialog] Convert role `none presentation` to `presentation` (#24500) @hallzac2
- <!-- 64 --> [TextField] Improve baseline alignment with start adornment (#24742) @praveenkumar-kalidass
- <!-- 65 --> [Popper] Fix usage of ownerDocument with anchorEl (#24753) @ruppysuppy
- <!-- 75 --> [Table] Migrate TableBody to emotion (#24703) @natac13
- <!-- 76 --> [Table] Migrate TableRow to emotion (#24687) @natac13
- <!-- 77 --> [TextField] Migrate FormGroup to emotion (#24685) @vicasas
- <!-- 82 --> [CssBaseline] Make dark mode scrollbar overrides an optional function (#24780) @dborstelmann
- <!-- 83 --> [ButtonGroup] Migrate ButtonGroup to emotion (#24775) @mirefly
- <!-- 87 --> [Checkbox] Migrate to emotion (#24702) @natac13
- <!-- 89 --> [Table] Migrate TableHead to emotion (#24686) @natac13
- <!-- 90 --> [Table] Migrate TableFooter to emotion (#24684) @natac13

### `@material-ui/system@5.0.0-alpha.25`

#### Breaking changes

- <!-- 78 --> [system] Use spacing unit in `gap`, `rowGap`, and `columnGap` (#24794) @ruppysuppy

>   If you were using a number previously, you need to mention the px to bypass the new transformation with `theme.spacing`. The change was done for consistency with the spacing prop of the Grid and the other spacing properties of the system, e.g. `<Box padding={2}>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you were using a number previously, you need to provide the value in `px` to bypass the new transformation with `theme.spacing`. The change was done for consistency with the Grid spacing prop and the other system spacing properties, e.g. `<Box padding={2}>`.
```
